Add doc for file-format option (#342)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/import/index.mdx

</CardGrid>

:::caution[Note]

> Similar to the [LOAD FROM](../cypher/query-clauses/load-from.md) clause, the `COPY FROM` clause determines the file format based on the file extension if the `file_format` option is not provided. Alternatively, the `file_format` option can be used in the COPY FROM clause to explicitly specify the file format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the [LOAD FROM](../cypher/query-clauses/load-from.md) clause, the `COPY FROM` clause determines the file format based on the file extension if the `file_format` option is not provided. Alternatively, the `file_format` option can be used in the `COPY FROM` clause to explicitly specify the file format.
```

> Example: To copy from a file ending with `dsv`, we have to use the `file_format` option to explicitly force kuzu to treat the file as a `CSV` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: To copy from a file ending with an arbitrary extension like `.dsv`, use the `file_format = 'csv'` option to explicitly tell Kùzu to treat the file as a `CSV` file.
```
